KEY:
    ** means push update out as soon as bug/feature is fixed/implemented.   

    FUTURE:
        SQLITE:
            Make 1=1 replication of all the tables you're using. rather than only grabing certain columns.
            will this make life much easier?
        TESTING:
            Unit Testing,
            UI Testing,
            etc.
        DB CHANGES:
            Add Timestamp/created column to Idcard.
            Add Android(Hornet?) specific door?
        KNOWN BUGS/TO FIX:
            Manual checkin might hard-crash if the door is null (why wasn't there any doors?)
            The booking swipe view pager doesn't invaildate cached fragments when the date is set.
                This means that some of the (5) fragments may show the wrong date.
            The database sync runs out of memory on large databases (e.g. YMCA db).
            Sometimes app needs to restart for the roll menu item to show up.
            Dates need to be handled better. Currently they're breaking on Dru's phone because the default format (Date().toString()) returns differently.
                Fix is to call SimpleDateFormat.format(Date()) instead of trying to parse the Date().toString().
            Progress Box no longer works. needs to be added back in via a aSync Task for the db_syncing.
                (had issues trying to attach to windows from the service thread, due to 'Context' complications.)
            Update Recurssion. (updating the same rows every time they change). (I THINK it occurs in bookings.)
            Updating version seems to lose Resources & doors. ?
            SWIPE FUNCTIONS:
                swipe_findms(doornum, memberid)
                swipe_verifymembership(doornum,membershipid, boolean manual, cardid)
                swipe_getmsg(membershipid, boolean docharge, additionalcardname) = msg
                swipe_checkowing(doornum, cardid, membershipid, memberid, msg) = msg2
                swipe_checksuspend(doornum, cardid, membershipid, msg) = msg3
                swipe_checkdoubleswipe(memberid, membershipid, doorid)
                --Do Charge per visits/insert into debit-journal..
                swipe_checkbooking(membershipid, memberid)
                swipe_granted(doornum, cardid, membershipid, memberid, msg, msg2, icons, boolean manual, visits, pending)
    
    v120:
            DONE:
                Added Check Billing Status Button.
                Added sync table functionallity, to allow remote removal of app contents.
                    -Also tracks when app is syncing/last synced.
                Fixed Bookings disappearing everytime we update the App.
                Fixed historic resources showing up.
                Fix # of connections being used by the app. (still haven't got pooling working..)
                Fixed Booking sync_times not being cleared
                the log-file uses the unique id so we know which device has the issues.
                the log-file is now human readable.
                Added UI elements to GymMaster for managing the devices in the sync table.
                Added allowed_access column
                Added notes column
                Added staffid column
                Cancel Membership - date for termination alignment.
                Tag Assignment should stop after the first tag.
                Added Member Booking Page (that shows just that members up-coming bookings.)
                Can no longer add Blank notes.
                Added better ErrorLog to Flask API.
                Cancel Membership - Shows that the membership has been cancelled (background set to red)
                Resolved the weird booking issues, caused by changing arrival to epoch in some places but not other.
                "Can we Contact you...?" Defaults to ticked.
                Changed Blue Tick to green.
                Assign TAG gives a warning when attempting to assign to member with one already.
                Fixed Connection handling in Flask API. --semi
                Seperate Sign-Up App. 
                Fixed image primary image issue (multiple images for a member considering themselves the primary image);
                Fixed the pop-up from the booking Overview always showing when pushing back.
                Fixed layout issue on booking Overview.
                Fixed the broken fragment behaviour, DO NOT BREAK IT AGAIN.
                Added Roll items to NavDrawer.
                Fixed Bookings..
                Moved the app navigation over to a navigation Drawer.
                Added process_log to the swipes..
                Move BookingDetails to a fragment.
                Fixed Tag swiping so that it works consistantly.
                Fixed MemberFind callback for add booking.
                Merge EmptyActivity with the MainActivity
                    (so that we only have MainActivity, all fragments go through it..);
                Member Details/Pager
                ReDesigned member Details Layout.
                Moved MembershipHold to a fragment.
 
            TODO:
                Handle permissions/Roles for different staff, to limit what certain staff can see.
                Fix Dates (dd MMM yyyy) --Mostly Done.
                get password encryption working.
                Format/Default time to 12hr. (?)
                Booking view showing multiple days for selected resource.
                get DD working for bluepay..?
                Cancel Member Hold. --I think adjusting the expiry is better.
                Spacing/padding of Labels & Headings..
                Improve sync-times/OutOfMemory Issues.
                Fix Times/(possibly dates?) disappearing everytime we update the app.
                Record Emails/SMS send from app in gymmaster device.
                Test Access Control, does it/can we get it working with the GymMaster Access/Security Control (Using Views?)?
                Issue with sync table: the servertime isn't being set correctly.
                Fix the PollingHandler running on the UI thread. (blocking etc).
                Improve Performance of the Booking Overview page.
                Membership complete "Add Tag" doesn't work. Find out why...
				Orientation change seems to break the nav Drawer, and we seem to have an extra "Find Member" Fragment..?

    
    v119:
            Altered the add Member process.
            KPI's (--requires v320).
            Crazy New SELECT_FUNCTION. 
            Save default-selected trainer for bookings.
            OnClick Membership shows additional information.
            Member Finance Details.
            Payment Method Handling:
                async task/progress box to display while we do JSON stuff with the API
                When we edit a member we'll be returned a link. link will take us to payment details site.
                this occurs from the member.finance fragment
                Works for Ezidebit.
            Member Billing Details (dd_export_member) this is slightly(?) different from the members finances??
            Modified the member_holds to match gymmaster exactly.
            Edit Member Hold.
            Changed Member Notes to Member details/add new features.
            Move Biling Details to seperate window.
            Booking API is now fixed. (uses te_username).
            Fixed historic memberships showing up in various places..
            "Can We Contact You?" Name... #... **

    V118:
        On first run, we prompt for an easy setup/install.
            This easy setup gets there email address, gymname/organisational name, a username, & a location.
                the username needs to be unique.
                the email address needs to be unique.   
                    is the username used for the web-address (username.SERVERLOCATION.gymmaster.co.nz)?
                    the username is used for the database name (g_<USERNAME>)
                    passed to a cental database on sms.treshna.com, which generates a password, and emails said email-address the password.
                    the username, password, db_name, and server are returned by the API
                    It's all passed through a JSON (flask) server (api.gymmaster.co.nz).
            We also generate the actual Database.
                this generation can be done prior, at which point the script will rename a free gymmaster db.
                    see ~api-gymmaster/free_db/ & ~api-gymmaster/scripts for more details.
                the database bondfrontend.conf file can be found in ~api-gymmaster/config/<database name>/
                the databases can be upgraded via the ./scripts/update_dbs.sh file
                Fixed DB's should now be semi-secure. the GymMaster user is still super over all of the DB's though.
                    Any user with the gm_tableowner privellage will be super-user over all gymmaster dbs.
            #DATABASE MAINTENANCE:
                a number of scripts exists in the ~api-gymmaster/scripts directory for helping with this.
                        
        upload the log-file after each sync to our central server,
            -we store the schema version, company_name, and te_username as well.
            -the log file will only contain warnings and errors.
            -it may want manual deletion, or a trigger that truncates data.
                (because at the moment the logs are massive and fairly unhelpful).
        Remove membership Button.
        Remove member from class Button.
        No longer able to clear database when changes are pending.
        Fixed Get Card for new cards.
        Added cancel membership.

    v116/117:
        minor bug fixes/undocumented.
    v115:
        Added member Find Filters,
        Added 'Add Notes' button on Member Details Page,
        Added PendingDeletes table (no code uses it atm, because you can't delete from the app).
        Added Visit History Page,
        Added Programme Group to Find Filter,
        Save Filter settings permanently.
        Added Medical details to member notes page.
        Cancel booking returns to the booking screen after OKAY button pressed
        Remove tasks icons from last visitor.
        Fix crash when click on home button from Empty activity and member ship hold (bad parent activity in manifest)
        Added emergency contact access details to member notes page.
        Fixed the Date table, it now dynamically fills in days 1 month in advance as needed.
        Moved Free ID's into a seperate table using the TableIDs as reference.
        Added triggers on tables for insertion/update.
        Added Booking Day swipe (SEE KNOWN BUGS)
        Added parentname (YMCA)
        Added Roll Call feature, automatically generates a roll off of the members by there membership.
        Roll Call feature uses filter as default membership for generating rolls (and syncs back from db).
        sync Warnings/Errors are logged to a file called 'log.file';
